The type 'string' in data table is missing the 'attribute' option (#860)
manticoresoftware/manticoresearch: manual/Creating_an_index/Local_indexes/Plain_and_real-time_index_settings.md

| [multi64](../../Creating_an_index/Data_types.md#Multi-value-big-integer) | [rt_attr_multi_64](../../Creating_an_index/Local_indexes/Plain_and_real-time_index_settings.md#rt_attr_multi_64) | multi-bigint  |   |
| [bool](../../Creating_an_index/Data_types.md#Boolean) | [rt_attr_bool](../../Creating_an_index/Local_indexes/Plain_and_real-time_index_settings.md#rt_attr_bool) | boolean |   |
| [json](../../Creating_an_index/Data_types.md#JSON) | [rt_attr_json](../../Creating_an_index/Local_indexes/Plain_and_real-time_index_settings.md#rt_attr_json) | JSON |   |

> | [string](../../Creating_an_index/Data_types.md#String) | [rt_attr_string](../../Creating_an_index/Local_indexes/Plain_and_real-time_index_settings.md#rt_attr_string) | string. Options: indexed, stored, attibute - "indexed" : also index the strings in a full-text field with same name. "attribute" is needed to actully create the atttibute  |   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [string](../../Creating_an_index/Data_types.md#String) | [rt_attr_string](../../Creating_an_index/Local_indexes/Plain_and_real-time_index_settings.md#rt_attr_string) | string. Option `indexed, attribute` will make the value full-text indexed and filterable, sortable and groupable at the same time  |   |
```
